Lim Chen Teik 


1. Loop is used for the task that perform in iterative process if the condition is fulfil which is true.
 
   The loop will be running forever until the condition is no longer fulfil which is false, the iteration 
   
   process will be stop.

   
   Example:

   for (i=0 ; i<array.length; i++){   //Condition
	//repeated task
   }
	
   The repeated task will be excecuted if the condition is fulfill that is 'i' is 
    
   smaller than array length. 'i' is initiall value which usually declared as zero.

   The for loop will stop which is in this case the 'i' is equal to array length. 
   
   The condition return false and the loop is end. 





2. The console.log is a function in javascript to display variable that has been declared, 
    
   or display messages in the terminal.


   Example of console.log: console.log('//return statement')

   The return statement is used to terminate the function execution and states a value to be

   be saves to the function call. 

   Example of return statement:

   function getSum(a,b){
   
        return a + b   //function terminate. Value a+b returned or saved

   }

   getSum(3,5) //function call

   The diiference between console.log and return is the console.log can only display or print 

   the value. From the example of console.log, output will be printed on terminal. 

   The return statement will only terminate the function and return the value to function 

   call but it cannot be printed on terminal.




3. Truthy values are value that will be considered true if there is boolean context is used.

   Falsy are value that will be considered false whenever there is boolean context is used.

   All value itself will have its inherited boolean value which is true or false.


   Example of falsy value:


   a. false

   b. 0

   c. -0

   d. ""

   e. null

   f. undefined

   g. NaN


   Other than all these values are all truthy value.

   
   For futher explanation:

   Example: 0 is always false
   

   function truthy(){
 
      if (0){
    
          return true
      
      }
     
      else{
      
          return false
      }

      output: false

     Explanation: the output will return false because 0 itself is false. This same applies
                    
                  to NaN, undefined and other falsy value.




    4. How internet work:

      a: A device, such as a computer, phone, or tablet, connects to the Internet through an 

         Internet service provider (ISP). The ISP provides a connection to the Internet via a modem,

         which is connected to the device via a cable or a wireless connection. 


      b. When a user wants to access a website or online service, the device sends a request to the

         server hosting the website or service. This request is sent through the ISP's network and then

         transmitted over the Internet through a series of interconnected networks.

      c. The request is then routed to the appropriate server, which sends a response back to the device.

         This response includes the content or information requested by the user, such as a webpage or a video.

         The response is transmitted back to the device through the same series of networks and the ISP's network.

         The device then displays the content or information to the user.

 


       5. How website work:

          When you visit a website, your web browser makes a request to the web server for 

          the web page you want to view. The web server then sends the HTML, CSS, and 

          JavaScript files to your web browser, which uses these files to render the web page.

          Your web browser also sends requests for any additional resources the web page

          needs, such as images or videos. As you navigate to different pages on the website,

          your web browser sends requests for those pages to the web server and displays 

          the new pages as they are received.

          Files involve are HTML, CSS, JavaScript files, image files, database files and others.
      
      

       



   